Update default raft protocol to version 3 (#6250)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/guides/operations/autopilot.html.md

To enable Autopilot features (with the exception of dead server cleanup),
the `raft_protocol` setting in the [server stanza](/docs/configuration/server.html)

> must be set to 3 on all servers. In Nomad 0.9 this setting defaults to 2; in Nomad 0.10 it will default to 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be set to 3 on all servers. In Nomad 0.8 and 0.9 this setting defaults to 2; in Nomad
 0.10 it defaults to 3.
```
